These are the steps we will take while developing this program:

	Put a simple white sheet to the background.

	Put a png file instead (zigimg has a png reader).

	Scale the png file with pixman before putting it in the background.
		For this, make sure the implementation allows for multiple filters to be chosen.

	Make a simple custom wayland protocol to talk to the program while it runs:
		In the beginning, it will only have a message to change the file being rendered.

	Make a second CLI program that will talk to the program "fswwwctl"
		In the beginning, it will have only 3 commands: init, bg and kill
			bg will simply put the file as background on ALL monitors

	Now fswww should only be run as a daemon, and entirely controlled with fswwwctl

	Update custom wayland protocol:
		support for selecting the filter when switching img path
		support for selecting the output when sending img path

	fswwwctl with support for selecting the filter, per image sent. 
	fswwwctl with support for selecting the output, per image sent. 

	Make the transition effects when switching rendered files
		^^ THIS ONE IS A BIT UNPREDICTABLE ^^
		When done, wayland protocol and fswwwctl should be updated to allow for transition effects

	Write custom gif reader.
		If we find only one image, we use the previous logic.
		Make a pipeline with the reading.
		Store only the difference of one frame to the next.
		Update by copying the contents of the previous buffer onto the current one, and then only updating the difference.
		Once everything is cached, remember to free the file.
		At this point, transition between gif and png should be abrupt.

	Study possibility of using Huffman's with the above.
		We could create a sort of bag with all the possible pixels in the image.
		Memory usage would decrease significantly, at the added processing cost of having to decode
		the sequence of bits everytime before updating a frame. 
		There's also the extra processing cost of doing the encoding in the first place.

	Write logic to make transition between png and gif smoother.
	Write logic to make transition between 2 gifs smoother.

	With all this done, make a second wayland-protocol to allow for streams
		2 events: 1 that updates the next frame, the other that commits it, which will send it to the compositor
			Updating next frame: 'full' and 'partial'.
